Update our n8n documentation to show running with docker compose. (#1669)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: universal-gateway/examples/n8n.mdx

import TryOut from "/snippets/universal-gateway/_try-out.mdx";

n8n allows you to self-host, which is great when you're testing workflows, but when you're ready to turn your instance into a production-ready automation solution and don't want to buy a domain or pay for hosting, you might feel lost.

> ngrok works with the [self-hosted and enterprise editions](https://docs.n8n.io/hosting/) of n8n, including Docker, Docker Compose, and npm-based installs, to securely expose them to the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ngrok works with the [self-hosted and enterprise editions](https://docs.n8n.io/hosting/) of n8n, including Docker, Docker Compose, and npm-based installs, to make them securely available on the public internet.
```

I've gotten pushback from folks on using the word "expose" in these instances. I personally think it's literally the correct English word for what's happening here, but what're ya gonna do

Sign up for early access to [ngrok's AI Gateway](https://ngrok.ai) and our team will reach out to learn more about your needs.
</Tip>

## Step 1: Reserve a domain

> <ReserveDomain domain="https://your-n8n-instance.ngrok.app" />

Author: I noticed that this component doesn't actually seem to read `domain`. I did see in the snippet that it's trying to, but on the page this renders not with the domain we specify here, but with the default. Not sure what's going on there.

<img width="1242" height="480" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e37b4486-4b27-4408-acf8-3f0b47bee2a9" />

Reviewer: Thanks for catching that! I pushed up a fix to this PR

```yaml docker-compose.yaml
services:
  n8n:
    image: docker.n8n.io/n8nio/n8n
    restart: always
    ports:
      - "127.0.0.1:5678:5678"
    env_file: .env
    volumes:
      - n8n_data:/home/node/.n8n

  ngrok:
    image: ngrok/ngrok:latest
    restart: always
    depends_on:
      - n8n
    env_file: .env
    command: http --url=${NGROK_DOMAIN} n8n:5678
    ports:
      - "4040:4040" # ngrok web UI

volumes:
  n8n_data:
```

And create a `.env` file in the same directory with the following contents, replacing `NGROK_DOMAIN` and `NGROK_AUTHTOKEN` with your values:

```js .env highlight={1,2}
NGROK_DOMAIN=your-n8n-instance.ngrok.app
NGROK_AUTHTOKEN=your-ngrok-authtoken
N8N_ENFORCE_SETTINGS_FILE_PERMISSIONS=true
N8N_RUNNERS_ENABLED=true
N8N_HOST=${NGROK_DOMAIN}
WEBHOOK_URL="https://${NGROK_DOMAIN}/"
TZ="Europe/London"
GENERIC_TIMEZONE=${TZ}
```

You can then start both services with:

```bash

> docker compose up

Author: That's a good idea, done!

          secret: $SECRET
```

<Info>
**What's happening here?**

> This policy filters for _only_ traffic that contains the specific `/webhook/$WORKFLOW_UUID` path, then verifies that it both originates from GitHub (or another [supported provider](/traffic-policy/actions/verify-webhook/#supported-providers)) and contains the appropriate secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This policy filters for _only_ traffic that contains the specific `/webhook/$WORKFLOW_UUID` path. It then verifies that the traffic both originates from GitHub (or another [supported provider](/traffic-policy/actions/verify-webhook/#supported-providers)) and contains the appropriate secret.
```
